Add the AdGuard Home secion, move a few articles (#164)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/adguard-home/overview.md

---
title: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

## What is AdGuard Home?

> AdGuard Home is a network-wide software for blocking ads and tracking. Unlike AdGuard Public DNS and AdGuard Private DNS, AdGuard Home is intended to be run on users’ own machines, which gives experienced users more control over their DNS traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdGuard Home is a network-wide software for blocking ads and tracking. Unlike AdGuard Public DNS and AdGuard Private DNS, AdGuard Home is designed to run on users’ own machines, which gives experienced users more control over their DNS traffic.
```
